docs(effects): add an example of effects without actions (#3408)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/effects/index.md

</div>

To learn about testing effects that incorporate state, see the [Effects that use State](guide/effects/testing#effect-that-uses-state) section in the testing guide.

## Using Other Observable Sources for Effects

Because effects are merely consumers of observables, they can be used without actions and the `ofType` operator. This is useful for effects that don't need to listen to some specific actions, but rather to some other observable source. For example, imagine we want to track whenever click events happen and send that data to our monitoring server. This can be done by creating a custom effect that listens to the `document` `click` event and emits the event data to our server:

<code-example header="user-activity.effects.ts">  
import { Injectable } from '@angular/core';
import { Actions, ofType } from '@ngrx/effects';
import { Observable } from 'rxjs';

> import { map, tap } from 'rxjs/operators';

Author: Done

import { UserActivityService } from '../services/user-activity.service';

@Injectable()
export class UserActivityEffects {
  trackUserActivity$ = createEffect(() =>
    fromEvent(document, 'click').pipe(

>       switchMap(event => this.userActivityService.trackUserActivity(event)),

Author: Done, also fixed the imports (some were missing)

</div>

To learn about testing effects that incorporate state, see the [Effects that use State](guide/effects/testing#effect-that-uses-state) section in the testing guide.

> ## Non-Action Effects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Other Observable Sources for Effects
```

> Because all effects are basically RxJS `Observable`s, they can be used without actions and the `ofType` operator. This is useful for effects that don't need to listen to some specific actions, but rather to some other `Observable`s from our application. For example. imagine we want to track user activity (clicks anywhere, for example), and send that data to our monitoring server. We can do this by creating a custom effect that listens to the `document` `click` event and emits the event data to our server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because effects are merely consumers of observables, they can be used without actions and the `ofType` operator. This is useful for effects that don't need to listen to some specific actions, but rather to some other observable source. For example, imagine we want to track whenever click events happen and send that data to our monitoring server. This can be done by creating a custom effect that listens to the `document` `click` event and emits the event data to our server:
```

<code-example header="user-activity.effects.ts">  
import { Injectable } from '@angular/core';
import { Actions, ofType } from '@ngrx/effects';
import { Observable } from 'rxjs';
import { map, tap } from 'rxjs/operators';
import { UserActivityService } from '../services/user-activity.service';

@Injectable()
export class UserActivityEffects {
  trackUserActivity$ = createEffect(() =>
    fromEvent(document, 'click').pipe(
      switchMap(event => this.userActivityService.trackUserActivity(event)),
    ), { dispatch: false }
  );

  constructor(

>     private actions$: Actions,

Reviewer: nit: Remove Actions from constructor also

```suggestion
    private actions$: Actions,
```

    private userActivityService: UserActivityService,
  ) {}
}
</code-example>

> Here our stream is created from the `document` `click` event, without any action that need to be dispatched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here the stream is created from the `document` `click` event, without any additional action that needs to be dispatched. 
```
